Update readmes to match common design (Geometry category) 3/3 (#457)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: geometry/list-transformations-by-suitability/README.md

# List transformations by suitability

Get a list of suitable transformations for projecting a geometry between two spatial references with different horizontal datums.

![Image of list transformations by suitability](ListTransformationsBySuitability.png)

## Use case

Transformations (sometimes known as datum or geographic transformations) are used when projecting data from one spatial reference to another when there is a difference in the underlying datum of the spatial references. Transformations can be mathematically defined by specific equations (equation-based transformations), or may rely on external supporting files (grid-based transformations). Choosing the most appropriate transformation for a situation can ensure the best possible accuracy for this operation. Some users familiar with transformations may wish to control which transformation is used in an operation.

## How to use the sample

Select a transformation from the list and click 'Transform' to see the result of projecting the point from EPSG:27700 to EPSG:3857 using that transformation. The result is shown as a red cross; you can visually compare the original blue point with the projected red cross. 

> Select 'Consider current extent' to limit the transformations that are appropriate for the current extent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select 'Order by extent suitability' to limit the transformations that are appropriate for the current extent.
```

If the selected transformation is not usable (has missing grid files) then an error is displayed.

## How it works

1. Pass the input and output spatial references to `TransformationCatalog.getTransformationsBySuitability()` for transformations based on the map's spatial reference OR additionally provide an extent argument to only return transformations suitable to the extent. This returns a list of ranked transformations.
2. Use one of the `DatumTransformation` objects returned to project the input geometry to the output spatial reference.

## Relevant API

* DatumTransformation
* GeographicTransformation

> * GeographicTransformationStep

Reviewer: looks like we don't have these classes/methods in our API/sample (I can't see them in our sample)

Author: Good catch, thanks!
